#
# This file is autogenerated by pip-compile
# To update, run:
#
#    pip-compile --output-file=requirements.txt requirements.in
#
alembic==1.4.3
    # via apache-airflow
amsterdam-schema-tools==0.16.6
    # via -r requirements.in
apache-airflow[crypto,postgres,sentry]==1.10.14
    # via -r requirements.in
apispec[yaml]==1.3.3
    # via flask-appbuilder
argcomplete==1.12.2
    # via apache-airflow
attrdict==2.0.1
    # via yamlip
attrs==20.3.0
    # via
    #   apache-airflow
    #   cattrs
    #   jsonschema
    #   pg-grant
babel==2.9.0
    # via flask-babel
bcrypt==3.2.0
    # via flask-bcrypt
blinker==1.4
    # via apache-airflow
cached-property==1.5.2
    # via apache-airflow
cachetools==4.2.0
    # via amsterdam-schema-tools
cattrs==1.1.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   apache-airflow
certifi==2020.12.5
    # via
    #   requests
    #   sentry-sdk
cffi==1.14.4
    # via
    #   bcrypt
    #   cryptography
chardet==3.0.4
    # via requests
click==7.1.2
    # via
    #   amsterdam-schema-tools
    #   flask
    #   flask-appbuilder
    #   mappyfile
    #   yamlip
colorama==0.4.4
    # via flask-appbuilder
colorlog==4.0.2
    # via apache-airflow
configparser==3.5.3
    # via apache-airflow
croniter==0.3.37
    # via apache-airflow
cryptography==3.3.1
    # via apache-airflow
cx-oracle==7.3.0
    # via -r requirements.in
datapunt-config-loader==1.1.2
    # via datapunt-objectstore
datapunt-objectstore==2019.4.8
    # via -r requirements.in
debtcollector==2.2.0
    # via
    #   oslo.config
    #   oslo.utils
    #   python-keystoneclient
decorator==4.4.2
    # via jsonpath-rw
deepdiff==5.2.2
    # via amsterdam-schema-tools
defusedxml==0.6.0
    # via python3-openid
dill==0.3.3
    # via apache-airflow
dnspython==2.1.0
    # via email-validator
docker==4.2.0
    # via -r requirements.in
docutils==0.16
    # via python-daemon
dsnparse==0.1.15
    # via -r requirements.in
email-validator==1.1.2
    # via
    #   apache-airflow
    #   flask-appbuilder
entrypoints==0.3
    # via flake8
environs==7.3.1
    # via -r requirements.in
flake8==3.7.9
    # via -r requirements.in
flask-admin==1.5.4
    # via apache-airflow
flask-appbuilder==2.3.4
    # via apache-airflow
flask-babel==1.0.0
    # via flask-appbuilder
flask-caching==1.3.3
    # via apache-airflow
flask-jwt-extended==3.25.0
    # via flask-appbuilder
flask-login==0.4.1
    # via
    #   apache-airflow
    #   flask-appbuilder
flask-openid==1.2.5
    # via flask-appbuilder
flask-sqlalchemy==2.4.4
    # via flask-appbuilder
flask-swagger==0.2.14
    # via apache-airflow
flask-wtf==0.14.3
    # via
    #   apache-airflow
    #   flask-appbuilder
flask==1.1.2
    # via
    #   apache-airflow
    #   flask-admin
    #   flask-appbuilder
    #   flask-babel
    #   flask-bcrypt
    #   flask-caching
    #   flask-jwt-extended
    #   flask-login
    #   flask-openid
    #   flask-sqlalchemy
    #   flask-swagger
    #   flask-wtf
flask_bcrypt==0.7.1
    # via -r requirements.in
funcsigs==1.0.2
    # via apache-airflow
future==0.18.2
    # via apache-airflow
geoalchemy2==0.7.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   amsterdam-schema-tools
geojson==2.5.0
    # via -r requirements.in
graphviz==0.16
    # via apache-airflow
gunicorn==20.0.4
    # via apache-airflow
idna==2.10
    # via
    #   email-validator
    #   requests
importlib-resources==1.5.0
    # via apache-airflow
iso8601==0.1.13
    # via
    #   apache-airflow
    #   keystoneauth1
    #   oslo.utils
itsdangerous==1.1.0
    # via
    #   flask
    #   flask-wtf
jinja2==2.11.2
    # via
    #   amsterdam-schema-tools
    #   apache-airflow
    #   flask
    #   flask-babel
    #   python-nvd3
json-merge-patch==0.2
    # via apache-airflow
jsonpath-rw==1.4.0
    # via amsterdam-schema-tools
jsonpointer==2.0
    # via -r requirements.in
jsonref==0.2
    # via mappyfile
jsonschema==3.2.0
    # via
    #   amsterdam-schema-tools
    #   apache-airflow
    #   datapunt-config-loader
    #   flask-appbuilder
    #   mappyfile
    #   validator-collection
keystoneauth1==4.3.0
    # via python-keystoneclient
lark-parser==0.11.1
    # via mappyfile
lazy-object-proxy==1.4.3
    # via apache-airflow
lockfile==0.12.2
    # via python-daemon
mako==1.1.4
    # via alembic
mappyfile==0.9.1
    # via amsterdam-schema-tools
markdown==2.6.11
    # via apache-airflow
markupsafe==1.1.1
    # via
    #   jinja2
    #   mako
    #   wtforms
marshmallow-enum==1.5.1
    # via flask-appbuilder
marshmallow-sqlalchemy==0.23.1
    # via
    #   apache-airflow
    #   flask-appbuilder
marshmallow==2.21.0
    # via
    #   environs
    #   flask-appbuilder
    #   marshmallow-enum
    #   marshmallow-sqlalchemy
mccabe==0.6.1
    # via flake8
msgpack==1.0.2
    # via oslo.serialization
natsort==7.1.0
    # via croniter
ndjson==0.3.1
    # via amsterdam-schema-tools
netaddr==0.8.0
    # via
    #   oslo.config
    #   oslo.utils
netifaces==0.10.9
    # via oslo.utils
numpy==1.19.5
    # via pandas
ordered-set==4.0.2
    # via deepdiff
os-service-types==1.7.0
    # via keystoneauth1
oslo.config==8.4.0
    # via python-keystoneclient
oslo.i18n==5.0.1
    # via
    #   oslo.config
    #   oslo.utils
    #   python-keystoneclient
oslo.serialization==4.0.1
    # via python-keystoneclient
oslo.utils==4.7.0
    # via
    #   oslo.serialization
    #   python-keystoneclient
packaging==20.8
    # via
    #   apache-airflow
    #   oslo.utils
pandas==1.2.0
    # via apache-airflow
pbr==5.5.1
    # via
    #   debtcollector
    #   keystoneauth1
    #   os-service-types
    #   oslo.i18n
    #   oslo.serialization
    #   oslo.utils
    #   python-keystoneclient
    #   stevedore
pendulum==1.4.4
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   apache-airflow
pg-grant==0.3.2
    # via amsterdam-schema-tools
ply==3.11
    # via jsonpath-rw
prison==0.1.3
    # via flask-appbuilder
psutil==5.8.0
    # via apache-airflow
psycopg2-binary==2.8.6
    # via apache-airflow
psycopg2==2.8.6
    # via amsterdam-schema-tools
pycodestyle==2.5.0
    # via flake8
pycparser==2.20
    # via cffi
pyflakes==2.1.1
    # via flake8
pygments==2.7.4
    # via apache-airflow
pyjwt==1.7.1
    # via
    #   flask-appbuilder
    #   flask-jwt-extended
pyparsing==2.4.7
    # via
    #   oslo.utils
    #   packaging
pyrsistent==0.17.3
    # via jsonschema
pyshp==2.1.0
    # via -r requirements.in
python-daemon==2.2.4
    # via apache-airflow
python-dateutil==2.8.1
    # via
    #   alembic
    #   amsterdam-schema-tools
    #   apache-airflow
    #   croniter
    #   flask-appbuilder
    #   pandas
    #   pendulum
python-dotenv==0.15.0
    # via environs
python-editor==1.0.4
    # via alembic
python-keystoneclient==4.0.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   datapunt-objectstore
python-nvd3==0.15.0
    # via apache-airflow
python-slugify==4.0.1
    # via
    #   apache-airflow
    #   python-nvd3
python-string-utils==1.0.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   amsterdam-schema-tools
python-swiftclient==3.9.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   datapunt-objectstore
python3-openid==3.2.0
    # via flask-openid
pytz==2020.5
    # via
    #   babel
    #   flask-babel
    #   oslo.serialization
    #   oslo.utils
    #   pandas
    #   tzlocal
pytzdata==2020.1
    # via pendulum
pyyaml==5.3.1
    # via
    #   apispec
    #   datapunt-config-loader
    #   flask-swagger
    #   oslo.config
    #   yamlip
requests==2.23.0
    # via
    #   amsterdam-schema-tools
    #   apache-airflow
    #   docker
    #   keystoneauth1
    #   oslo.config
    #   python-keystoneclient
    #   python-swiftclient
rfc3986==1.4.0
    # via oslo.config
sentry-sdk==0.19.5
    # via apache-airflow
setproctitle==1.2.1
    # via apache-airflow
shapely==1.7.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   amsterdam-schema-tools
simplejson==3.17.0
    # via -r requirements.in
six==1.15.0
    # via
    #   attrdict
    #   bcrypt
    #   cryptography
    #   debtcollector
    #   docker
    #   flask-jwt-extended
    #   jsonpath-rw
    #   jsonschema
    #   keystoneauth1
    #   oslo.i18n
    #   oslo.utils
    #   prison
    #   python-dateutil
    #   python-keystoneclient
    #   python-swiftclient
    #   sqlalchemy-utils
    #   tenacity
    #   thrift
    #   websocket-client
sqlalchemy-jsonfield==0.9.0
    # via apache-airflow
sqlalchemy-utils==0.36.8
    # via flask-appbuilder
sqlalchemy==1.3.22
    # via
    #   alembic
    #   apache-airflow
    #   flask-sqlalchemy
    #   geoalchemy2
    #   marshmallow-sqlalchemy
    #   sqlalchemy-jsonfield
    #   sqlalchemy-utils
stevedore==3.3.0
    # via
    #   keystoneauth1
    #   oslo.config
    #   python-keystoneclient
supervisor==4.1.0
    # via -r requirements.in
tabulate==0.8.7
    # via apache-airflow
tenacity==4.12.0
    # via apache-airflow
text-unidecode==1.3
    # via python-slugify
thrift==0.13.0
    # via apache-airflow
tzlocal==1.5.1
    # via
    #   apache-airflow
    #   pendulum
unicodecsv==0.14.1
    # via apache-airflow
urllib3==1.25.11
    # via
    #   requests
    #   sentry-sdk
validator-collection==1.4.1
    # via -r requirements.in
websocket-client==0.57.0
    # via docker
werkzeug==0.16.1
    # via
    #   apache-airflow
    #   flask
    #   flask-caching
    #   flask-jwt-extended
wrapt==1.12.1
    # via debtcollector
wtforms==2.3.3
    # via
    #   flask-admin
    #   flask-wtf
xlrd==1.2.0
    # via -r requirements.in
yamlip==0.0.2
    # via -r requirements.in
zope.deprecation==4.4.0
    # via apache-airflow

# The following packages are considered to be unsafe in a requirements file:
# setuptools
